Fix/readme (#1)
cloudinary/media-editing-java: README.md

Cloudinary Media Editing SDK
============================

## About
The Cloudinary Media Editing SDK allows you to quickly and easily integrate your application with Cloudinary.
Effortlessly edit and deliver your cloud's assets.

### Additional documentation
This Readme provides basic installation and usage information.

> For the complete documentation, see the [Media Editing SDK Guide](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/media_editing_api).

Reviewer: This should link to the SDK docs and not the API guides
https://cloudinary.com/documentation/media_editing_api_sdks

Author: Fixed

## Table of Contents

> - [Key Features](#key-features)

Reviewer: please add to your table of contents all the other features listed in your examples

Author: Done

- [Version Support](#Version-Support)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
    - [Setup](#Setup)
    - [Create Media Source](#Create Media Source)

# Key Features
### Media Delivery API

> -[CacheApi](https://github.com/cloudinary/media-delivery-api-java/blob/main/docs/CacheApi.md)

Reviewer: missing a space

-[DeliveryProfileApi](https://github.com/cloudinary/media-delivery-api-java/blob/docs/DeliveryProfileApi.md)
-[MappingFunctionApi](https://github.com/cloudinary/media-delivery-api-java/blob/main/docs/MappingFunctionApi.md)
-[MediaSourceApi](https://github.com/cloudinary/media-delivery-api-java/blob/main/docs/MediaSourceApi.md)

> -[MediaTargetApi](https://github.com/cloudinary/media-delivery-api-java/blob/main/docs/MediaTargetApi.md)

Reviewer: Shouldn't these link to the main documentation?

Cloudinary Media Editing SDK
============================

## About
The Cloudinary Media Editing SDK allows you to quickly and easily integrate your application with Cloudinary.
Effortlessly edit and deliver your cloud's assets.

### Additional documentation
This Readme provides basic installation and usage information.
For the complete documentation, see the [Media Editing SDK Guide](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/media_editing_api_sdks).

## Table of Contents
- [Key Features](#key-features)
- [Version Support](#Version-Support)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
    - [Setup](#Setup)

>     - [Create Media Source](#Create Media Source)

Reviewer: to link correctly these need to look like the following:
    `- [Create Media Source](#Create-Media-Source)`

    apiClient.setCloudinaryUrl("cloudinary://API_KEY:API_SECRET@CLOUD_NAME");
}
```
### Create Media Source

> The following example shows how to add a new media source:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example of how to add Media Storage, in this case a new media source:
```

```java
    MediaSourceCreatePayload mediaSourceCreatePayload = new MediaSourceCreatePayload();
    mediaSourceCreatePayload.setDisplayName("my_media_source");
    mediaSourceCreatePayload.setSourceType(MediaSourceCreatePayload.SourceTypeEnum.S3);

    MediaSourceConfig config = new MediaSourceConfig();
    config.setS3BucketName("my_bucket");
    config.setS3BucketFolder("my_bucket_folder");
    config.setS3AccessKey("123456789");
    config.setS3SecretKey("123456789");
    config.setS3UriTemplate("s3://my_bucket/images/{{vars.signature}}/{{fwd_key}}");
    mediaSourceCreatePayload.setConfig(config);

    try {
        MediaSource result = apiInstance.createMediaSource(mediaSourceCreatePayload);
        System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
       System.out.println(e.getMessage());
    }
```

### Transform and Store

> Example of how to perform transform and store:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example of how to transform and store an asset:
```

```java
    TransformationDescriptor transformationDescriptor = new TransformationDescriptor();
    transformationDescriptor.setCanonicalTransformation("w_500,c_scale");
    MediaConnectorInstance mediaConnectorInstance = new MediaConnectorInstance();
    mediaConnectorInstance.setId("123456789");
    mediaConnectorInstance.setFwdKey("sample");
    MediaConnectorInstance mediaTargetConnectionInstance = new MediaConnectorInstance();
    mediaTargetConnectionInstance.setId("987654321");
    mediaTargetConnectionInstance.setFwdKey("new");
    TransformRequest request = new TransformRequest();
    request.setInputType(TransformRequest.InputTypeEnum.MEDIA_SOURCE);
    request.setMediaTarget(mediaTargetConnectionInstance);
    request.setMediaSource(mediaConnectorInstance);
    request.setResourceType(TransformRequest.ResourceTypeEnum.IMAGE);
    request.setTransformationDescriptor(transformationDescriptor);
    try {
        TransformResult response = new TransformAndStoreApi().transformAndStore(request);
        System.out.println(response);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
        System.out.println(e.getMessage());
    }
```

### Cache warmup

> Example of how perform cache warmup:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example of how to perform a cache warmup:
```

```java
    CacheWarmupRequestPayload cacheWarmupRequestPayload = new CacheWarmupRequestPayload();
    cacheWarmupRequestPayload.setUrl("<your url>");
    //cacheWarmupRequestPayload.setUrl("https://<cloud_name>.cloudinary.net/image/upload/c_scale,w_500/sample");
      try {
          CacheWarmupSuccessResponse response = new CacheApi().warmup(cacheWarmupRequestPayload);
          System.out.println(response);
      } catch (ApiException e) {
          System.out.println(e.getMessage());
      }
```

> ## Contributions

Reviewer: not relevant
